A: I should add context. Messi obviously has three more Ballon d'Ors, they're eight to five. I think they should both have six each. I think Ronaldo in 2018 for Modrić. I think 2021 was the biggest robbery of Lewandowski ever. They had to create a whole new award to give him something because they just wanted to give it to Messi. And 2023, it should have been Erling Haaland. 
B: Yeah, I just want to get into those Ballon d'Ors that you said. So, the Modrić one, I'll give that to you. I think Ronaldo should have won that as well. But then you you said the Lewandowski one and the Haaland one. Yeah. I'm a City fan. Even myself, I think Haaland shouldn't have won it because Messi is an individual award, right? Yeah. Messi had better better stats than him. Well, no, he didn't. He had three times less goals. No, he didn't. But it doesn't matter. As a He had more GA. So, shut up. I swear he had more GA. Not just that though, but man of the matches awards, he had he had almost triple the amount of man of the matches in that year. 
A: But he spent half the year in the MLS. 
B: Yeah, but still it's man of the matches individual award, now. It's an individual award. Like Messi's the not in European top five league to win the Ballon d'Or at the time. That just makes it even more crazier though because it was from the beginning of that thingy, and then he moved into the MLS. 
A: No, but people were voting for him off emotion. They weren't voting for him because he was the best player in that calendar year. They were voting for him because he's complete at football. It's the perfect fairy tale. He's won a seven-game tournament in the World Cup. Look, he was incredible in the World Cup, don't get me wrong. But what Erling Haaland did across 50-60 plus games is much better than, you know, seven games. Like Messi was incredible in the World Cup, but you have to look at it as a whole. The World Cup was 11 months before the Ballon d'Or. Messi spent most of the following year in the MLS. At PSG, he was good, but Mbappé was PSG's best player.  
B: Messi won them the the league. He he won them the league after losing at the first year. He won them the league with a free kick in the last minute. He literally won them the league. And also, people always say that his stats were bad, but that second year, he carried that team. He was the main man for PSG. 
A: But do you not think Erling Haaland coming in first season the Premier League, the toughest league in the world, is is harder than League 1, and we all know that. Breaking a record and winning the treble at Manchester City's first ever Champions League. Do you not think that that if Messi had gone to Manchester City, broke a record, and won the treble, but did nothing in the World Cup, we all know Messi still would have won the Ballon d'Or because he's Lionel Messi. People vote off a little bit of their favoritism. You look at the journalists that vote in the Ballon d'Or as well. The aesthetic as well of Messi compared to Haaland. 100% I think Messi is more aesthetically pleasing. I don't think we need to debate that. But there is biases because if you look at the journalists that vote in the Ballon d'Or, a lot of them don't watch the Premier League or La Liga. They are watching their own leagues, and then they'll watch the World Cup because it's the most watched thing. They'll watch the big games, the Champions League finals. They don't actually watch a lot football. Like, the people that vote in the Ballon d'Or, we all know some of them are a bit of a joke. So, they'll read Messi's complete football, he's won the World Cup. So, that's why the World Cup, seven games, has more influence than what Haaland did in 50 plus games, City winning the treble. 
B: But, what I'm saying is the Ballon d'Or is the best player in the world. And I watched Haaland every single minute, every single second that season. And yes, he had an incredible season, won everything. But, that's team trophies. It wasn't him. He didn't even score in one finals. And it hurts me to say that as a City fan, but he didn't. He didn't show up for us. Of course, he he showed up in the big games leading to that. But, Messi scored in more finals, had more man of the matches, more GA. There is not comparable. It wasn't comparable. 
A: it was emotion. I think people voted for the Ballon d'Or for emotion because it happened nearly a year before the Ballon d'Or. It was last season. He spent half the year in MLS. People like he's complete football. What he's done was amazing. It was based off the whole emotion of Messi gets his fairy fairy tale ending. Messi is wrote about as like the golden boy. Whereas Ronaldo was seen as more like egotistical. And that does influence voting, and that does influence people's perception. And I just think if you spend half the year in the MLS, I don't think I can take you as serious for winning a Ballon d'Or as someone that broke the Premier League record, the hardest league in the world, so much harder than La Liga. And I mean, I I'm a Man United fan. I wouldn't want to be back in Haaland, to be honest here. I think the treble is nuts. Like, I was fuming. I was fuming when City won the treble. And there's no doubt in my mind that yeah, Haaland didn't do a lot in the finals, but he did a lot to get City, you know, throughout the whole league season. Those goals were key. He did a lot to get City to the final. You can't just look at a few one-off games. World finals were important. You have to look at it as a whole. And if we're looking across 50, 60 games, Haaland had a better season. 
