A: Before you say anything, I just want to preface this by saying I prefer Ronaldo. I do think Messi is the better footballer, but I do prefer Ronaldo. But I think in this sense, he's superior to Messi. 
B: Um I'm not dis- necessarily disagreeing in terms of all rounded, but I feel like with Messi, the goals that he scored can never Well, we haven't seen like all like literally ever. In terms of the goal in terms of his solo goals, the goals where it's zero backlift where he does three players around him and I feel like not necessarily like he doesn't need to even use his right foot at times. Even his anticipation in the box like he's very instinctive in the box. Um I do agree with with if you say Ronaldo's um more all round, you could say our heading is more acrobatic, but I feel like those goals we've seen before like even I can even say Zlatan or Suarez um they're so unique in terms of how they score goals. Um they're very similar to Ronaldo, but I feel like with Messi, some of the goals that he has scored, we just haven't seen ever. Like even the goal against Bilbao in the Copa del Rey. Scientifically even scientifically impossible. But I just feel like the goals that Messi scored like it's one of one. 
A: Yeah, I'm not saying Ronaldo has any goals that specifically better than that exact Yeah, but I think in just as a complete package, as a complete attacker, Ronaldo's got more aspects of the goalscoring side of the game compared to Messi. And I think it's also due to his physical stature compared to Messi's. Messi's a lot more diminutive. Messi's a better dribbler, he's got a low center of gravity, so he's able to do those ridiculous movements like the goal against Bilbao or the the goal he scored in 2009, that Maradona-esque goal. Whereas Cristiano is obviously a lot taller, so he's naturally better in the air. He's got a ridiculously leap on him. He's more ambipedal than Messi. He's got better For me, his better Ronaldo's left foot is better than Messi's right foot. Just two-footed. Ambidextrous, no? Ambidextrous is feet. Ronaldo's left foot for me is better than Messi's right foot. He's a great finisher inside the box, outside the box. So is Messi. I'm not saying Messi is not, but I just think Ronaldo is a more complete goalscorer and he can score all types of goals in different ways. 
B: To make to make it more comparative than in terms of their physical profiles, I'll put forward Zlatan. Okay. Some of the goals, especially his acrobatic, I feel like he's on par just if not just as good as Ronaldo's finishing. 
A: I don't think he's a better finisher and a goalscorer than Ronaldo is Zlatan. I think his catalog could could be considered better. Another thing with Ibra, where I thought people might bring up Ibra. I have an issue with him in the sense that I think he's a phenomenal footballer, but everything likewise Ronaldo has to run through him, but Ronaldo is a much bigger game player than Ibrahimovic. 
B: If you're taking that into perspective in terms of big games, the goals in big games, I understand that, yeah. 
A: No, cuz that factors into goalscoring as well. Ronaldo's got I think Well, compared to Messi for example, he's scored more match-winning goals, more match-equalizing goals as well. Uh he's just big Not Messi's not a not a big game player, of course he's a huge game player, but Ronaldo is also that. But in my opinion, he's got a wider a range of finishes if that makes sense. 
