A: Uh so, I get your point, you know, he's physically superior and all that sense he can do that. And you I'm assuming you're trying to go with the idea that he's got a wider variety of finish in the box and stuff like that. He's scored more type of goals. So, I think the difference that we have there is Messi scored a lot of the similar type of goals. You talk about the impossible goal, he's scored very, very similar ones all the times. And the reason he can do that is cuz he's so much more technically superior. He can create his own angles. Now, for me, in terms of a goalscorer, one of the best tricks you can have is being able to create separation and score from angles and create angles that no other player can. Ronaldo can't create the same angles as Messi. Okay. Therefore, Messi's potentially, I assume when you're watching it, scores more similar goals because he he he can find a way to shift from that left foot, put it in the bottom corner against anyone in the world. Whereas Ronaldo has to rely on, you know, maybe beating them to a header or hitting the ball early straight in from distance. I think Messi has the ability, the best and the most important ability for me, which is creating separation. 
B: 100% he's the best in that regard. Yeah, I mean there's no denying that. But I think that's just one aspect of the goalscoring. Ronaldo can still create chances out of nothing. And he's also, in my opinion, like the most ruthless in front of goal. Like if you want a ball to to fall in the box in a big game, you want Cristiano Ronaldo on the end of it. 
A: But I Like Like what I'm saying is when you you talk you know, you talk about that I I would argue I'd still rather Messi in terms of his goal record. Even in even in the box, I would still prefer him. And I think when What I mean by that is yes, you might see Ronaldo in terms of scoring different type of goals, which that's what you get in that and it's I I think that's more Messi can score all the exact same goals as Ronaldo can. If we've seen it before in the Champions League final, scored that header. He can do things that Ronaldo can also do, but the reason that we maybe don't notice it as much and maybe Ronaldo's seen it as a small play miss more a player who can maybe beat more. A player who can A player who can improvise more in the final third and score different goals cuz he just doesn't have the same ability as Messi to create the same patterns. Like again, Messi could literally put him against Van Dijk Let's say Messi at his best could drop his shoulder, go in that bottom left corner. He could do it at David Alaba's his best. He could do it to anyone. Whereas I don't think Ronaldo can, which is why Ronaldo potentially comes across as more inventive in his finishing or having a wider skill set. 
B: No, I get I get what you're saying. I would say with Ronaldo, right? He's shifted his game really from when he went to United to Real Madrid. In like 2013, he had that knee injury and he became more of a poacher. In his early days at United, especially like that 2008 campaign, no he wasn't nowhere near as creative as Lionel Messi or he couldn't create a chance as well as Messi. I agree with that. But it's also I think quite disingenuous to disregard his ability when he was young to be able to create chances from nothing, to be able to go on solo runs 
A: I'm not saying he's not. I'm not saying he's not. Obviously, Ronaldo is a great player. 
B: He could He could still do that at the start in his time at Madrid. And I think 11-12 Ronaldo is his best version. But I think he sort of shifted that mentality to just become an out and out goalscorer. Therefore, we've seen two aspects of Ronaldo, the poacher one and the ridiculous transition footballer that we've seen. 
A: What I'm saying is I think what it's it's always talking about like aesthetics really of a player. Ronaldo comes across a poacher even potentially even if he wasn't at times because he was in the box so often. He was scoring a lot of goals, but the were there were a lot of different types of goals, the headers, the cutting in on his right foot, going across goal, whatever. And I think And what I'm saying is I think Messi could do could do that as well. If Messi wanted to be that poacher number nine, he has everything to do that and he surely can do that. And he surely can do that. But what I'm saying is what I'm saying is I don't think that necessarily just because that's his type of style doesn't mean that Ronaldo is has a better variety of finish or anything like that. It's because Messi is so good that he could put himself in the same situation over and over again and score the same goal over and over again. Whereas Ronaldo had to be adaptive. And I know again you said that he changed he did change his role and he could do the wing stuff and all that, but that's obviously that's chance creation. But I think Messi, if he wanted to be that number nine who was poacher and I know he never will because it's Lionel Messi, you want him on the ball. But if he would, Messi would be just as good if not better than Ronaldo in that regard still. And I think he's still showing a wide variety of goals whilst still scoring the same goal every time with what he does. 
B: No, you make some fair points. I don't think that Messi in that poacher role would be as effective as Cristiano because Messi is such a unique player. He drops in deep, he can create chances from nothing like you were highlighting earlier. So, I think he would be he would be wasted to play up front. 
A: in the box, if ball drops in the box, not every time you want a striker to lash it first time? Sometimes that composure to bring it down, shift it past someone and score. What I'm saying, I think in terms of creating separation, I'm not just talking about that creativity on on the wing doing it and then crossing. I'm saying in the box as well. But I think Messi, what I'm saying, Messi has a different level of ability to get away from his man, then produce the shot, than Ronaldo does. Which to me translates to that top football. Now, obviously it is hypothetical. Messi's never going to be that number nine. We're never going to be able to directly watch all their goals and go well, yeah, Ronaldo scored X amount more of different types, scored six volleys or whatever. But I think for me, if Ronaldo was to be played in that if Messi was to be played in that role, there'd be no like you you'd be sat there and going, yeah, Messi's still the greatest finisher of all time as well. 
B: I think I just don't I didn't say he's the Ronaldo's the best finisher, I think. &gt;&gt; Right, that's what I meant. I'm sorry. Yeah, most well-rounded. Cuz even when it comes to the goal to game ratio, Messi is superior. But I think context is so important with that as well, and you have to be so like you can I could select the narrative and say, well, their time spent in La Liga, do you understand. Ronaldo had a better goals to game ratio in La Liga when they both played in the same period. But it's kind of pointless that argument cuz you can just you can you can bend it to your own will. 
A: 100% yeah. Well, I'll leave it at that. 
