A: So, in terms of those different environments that they obviously played in, Yeah, yeah. I do think Portugal were kind of pressureless in terms of they hadn't won anything before. Messi at like 14, 15, there were lots of murmurs [clears throat] that he was being compared to Maradona. That's pretty big pressure to live up to. And he ends up delivering that World Cup, Copa América. He goes and delivers that. Took him a bit of a while to get it going. As for Ronaldo, like you said there, their success came with him not on the pitch. Cuz he was off after 10 minutes with flies on his face, I remember. Yeah, he did. He He scored key goals. He actually did. But Éder Éder is the one that we remember in Portuguese history, technically, in that final. 
B: Well, who carried them through the group stages? Who carried them through? They drew They drew a lot. They drew games, but who was getting them through that month?
A: More other players. You still had Pepe and Ricardo Carvalho. They still had good players in that team. You're not looking at the performance of the overall player there. Like Messi still Messi still had huge impact in those tournaments. I'd say that 2022 World Cup in our lifetime is the best individual tournament. I think it's fair to say. Obviously, maybe Maradona eclipses it. But in terms of Ronaldo turning up, he was just trying to steal goals in that tournament. Okay. Like he's kind of I think he's been holding Portugal back to a degree in those years. At Ronaldo's obviously incredible. Like I said, in those finals, he turns up. I think there was one final between those two players in the Champions League and Messi scored and they won. So, I do I do think he had that knack for turning up in those finals as well, still scoring a multiple. With Ronaldo, he has the Juventus final, sure. And the United against Chelsea, he was brilliant as well. A lot of the other ones, Gareth Bale would be the Di María. Or even Di María himself in 2014 was actually carrying the Di María Maybe Di María was carrying But 2014, you know what I mean? He's taking his top off to make it 4-1. 
B: It's not It's It's a bit of a different thing. What you're saying I I think you're nitpicking certain things. But if you want to start with the World Cup itself, okay, cuz I feel like you're trying to undermine Portugal Portugal's success for Ronaldo. If you want to talk about the World Cup itself, you could say Messi had five penalties he scored. Controversial. Some of them A few of them controversial, you could argue, right? In the final itself, who do we talk about? Kylian Mbappé. We don't Every time we think about that final, whose name gets mentioned? Messi It's not Mbappé. Mbappé has his own debate. Yes, because of course, Messi lifted the title. It was Mbappé Messi, but I'm saying the fact that we a lot of people still tie that final to Kylian Mbappé's performance. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; I'm not saying taking anything away from Messi. Of course, he's At the end of the day, he's the one that had the big score and lifted the title. Oh, for sure. But we talk about Mbappé's performance that day. We even then talk about Di María's performance, especially in that first half. 
A: And then I think Messi was still on that pitch. He was still He was still delivering. Messi will always be I think it's a rewrite to say it was penalties throughout that tournament. that pass he put through the legs of I think it was Aké. Yeah, that's where it's like I couldn't They couldn't even get near it as well. Yeah, yeah, Gvardiol was putting on on ice skates. 
B: By the way, I was there, you know. I was actually in the stadium. I watched it with my eyes. So, I saw I know I know who was performing well. 
A: For you to sit here and say that is absolutely crazy, cuz that is We've obviously witnessed the greatest. We know that in terms of goals, like you said, I know Ronaldo's top number of goals scored. If Pelé's around, maybe he'll find some more down the back of the sofa. But [laughter] in terms of like in terms of per per game, Messi's higher. Like when it came to Messi being an out-and-out goal scorer, he scored 91 in a calendar year when he was playing a central role in terms of adaptability. 
B: No, the adaptability. I hate the 91 argument, because that is You know what it is? I call the Messi fans are politicians. That's the biggest propaganda I've ever heard. 91 goals in a calendar year, yeah. First of all, you're adding goals from two different seasons. Right? You're adding goals from two different seasons. You're adding international friendlies. And if we talk about the year 2012, Messi Messi only won Copa del Rey in 2012. Ronaldo in that same year had a record-break record-breaking campaign with Real Madrid. 
A: He's the second best player
B: He scored the probably the most important goal of that season at the Nou Camp. That's where the calm celebration was created. Who missed the Who missed the penalty in the Champions League semifinal that year? Both of them. They both actually missed it. But then, if you want to talk about Champions League, you know who the greatest player of Champions League history is. But I'm going to come back to that. I want to talk about the World Cup itself. For me, yes, it's a great achievement and the only achievement Ronaldo has missing from his CV. Absolutely. I'm not going to dispute that. But there's always been great players before Messi that's won it. And there's always going to be great players winning after him. So, that's never going to change, right? You've had R9s, Zidanes, Pelés, Maradonas. You might have Lamine Yamal this year win it. So, there's always going to be great players, right? But that's not for me the standalone metric to determine who is the greater player. You have to look at the overall 
A: I know I know when you spoke about that adaptability, like I said, that 91 came with him playing central. We also saw Messi play on the right. Either Either way, he's won multiple Champions League playing in different positions, the same way Ronaldo has. And it's something that's thrown at him. In terms of that like performing in different leagues sort of thing, I think Messi's two or three goals off Ronaldo's record versus the top six. Messi's never even played in England. Yeah, but okay, but Okay, but Like he delivers He's delivered He can deliver against any team. It doesn't Him being in that league doesn't mean he's just constrained by that. Like Ronaldo went to those places, and that's great. I'd say Juventus I mean, Luca will probably talk attest for it later, but they're in financial ruins because of the decision of bringing him in. Like they they managed to even in his last year, they weren't winning the league. Juve went from winning every single year for pretty much a decade straight. Ronaldo comes in, they go into financial ruin. They haven't really won the league since. 
B: Yeah, but that's where we're talking about the success now of the team, right? So, with Juve, for example, I could then throw in the argument of PSG. He went to PSG. There, the whole aim was to win Champions League. He fell out that. He wasn't even the best player there. At least with Ronaldo, when he went to Juve, he was the best player in that team. He scored over 100 goals for them every year, every campaign he's the best player. Everywhere Ronaldo goes, he is the best player. Every time they win a league title, he is the best player. And I'm saying even Champions League, when it comes to Champions League, there is not and that's a fact, there's no greater player statistically in performances. The guy broke the goal scoring record in a season and then broke it again himself on his own He has an He has an incredible Champions League record. No club has ever had that on a free kick.
A: In terms of those finals, I'd say that Gareth Bale has determined Real Madrid's Champions League success more than Ronaldo in those finals. The winner Yeah, the the winners in two different ones. When it comes to Ronaldo in those Real Madrid finals, like I said, 20 Was it 2017? The Juventus one. That one he's brilliant. No, no, he's he's Of course he's impactful, but when we say about like the finals, etc. I'd I'd say that Di Maria and Bale have as much influence there. Whereas like Messi, you can single-handedly look at 2011-15.
