A: but I just think Ronaldo is a more complete goal scorer. Today we're answering the biggest question in football, as I've got one Cristiano Ronaldo fan who's going up against 20 Lionel Messi fans. I've got four fans who think Chrissiana Ronaldo is better than Liam L Messi, with each of them bringing their own debate to the table as to why CR7 is better. Fans will have to be the first to the chair in order to debate each of our 20 Messi fans all have a yellow card, and if they disagree with what someone is saying, they can raise it. And if ten yellow cards are raised, I'll send them off. They'll then be replaced by another fan until our debates are finished. Each debate is 10 minutes, but once they're done, they're done. Ronaldo is the greatest player to ever grease the game of football. Ronaldo is the greatest player to ever grease the game of football. Three, two, one, go! Welcome Michael McCubbin. Where do you want to start? I feel like the burden's on you to prove. No, absolutely not. This is going to be fun. So I mean, numbers wise, Messi is the best. I don't know about the trophies. I'm trying to think about trophy count. I'm not sure actually either of them have the most trophies ever. Messi just as a footballer in terms of his all round game in terms of what he could do on the pitch. I think there's there's no one who even comes close to him. I think Ronaldo is closer to Second, I mean, it's even arguable whether or not it's the second best player of all time. We can get on to that. Yeah, I mean, I don't really know where to start. I feel for me, Messi's is just like not even debatable and probably hasn't been debatable since maybe 2014, 2015 as to him being the greatest of all time. Like LeBin Yamal, I think could get to his level, probably has surpassed his level at his age at least. But otherwise, yeah, I just don't see better debaters. Most goals, ever school, most international goals, most goals in the Champions League, most goals in the semi-finals, most goals in the finals. One leagues in three different countries, major leagues being the best player every single time. Messi is only one in one. Pretty much most of his career in one team, playing in one style of football, one environment from literally from the age of 11, all the up to first team. Whereas from all the different systems, different leagues, different players. Messi is pretty much played in the same style of football. We talk about philosophies. Pretty much the same philosophy. Even the same group of players up to the age till he pretty much left Barcelona where he got Ronaldo's playing with different players, different managers, different styles. He's even changed his game. He's a reinventing soft multiple times. You could say that Messi needed an environment. It's an argument to say that Messi had to play in a certain environment to thrive, to get his potential. Ronaldo, for me, is the environment. Everywhere he goes, you talk about Portugal. You can even bring it to Portugal. Before Ronaldo, Portugal, happy to be here, country, in every major tournament it went to. If they even qualified. If they qualified, by the way. Oh, David. Well, you tell me what I mean. I mean, Ronaldo came into the very tail end of the golden generation of Portugal, right? I mean, they won, they won, they won, they won, well, they won one, they won one trophy in Euro 2016. Well, they didn't win anything, but they were a much, much better team at Euro 2004 than in Euro 2016 where they won one game in normal time. I mean, come on. I mean, it came to an end of the group. I mean, they struggle to even qualify for major tournaments before Ronaldo. So is the pitch as well as that. Yeah. And Ronaldo has come. I wouldn't say that Ronaldo was the defining factor in year 2004. But I would say that he was definitely a factor. And he's definitely the reason as to all the successes that they've had. He's a big part of that. But they never had. They never had. They won't qualify. There's a difference though. Not qualifying for international tournaments struggling to qualify for international tournaments to then being a one you could argue a competitive nation. with Ronaldo and the only success they've ever had in their country is with Ronaldo being captain. I think you can talk about Messi. And it's the most international goals, by the way. Yeah, I mean, we're so aside from international goals and playing for playing in different countries. What has run out? I've got going for him that Messi doesn't. Mike, I'm sorry to end your right there, but you're off well done. Tobes is here. Nice to meet you. And it's Eiger. Good Johnson kit. Lovely little number. Still Chelsea fans. Yeah, yeah. Go on, my friend. So in terms of those different environments that they obviously played in. Yeah, yeah. I do think Pouching all kind of pressureless in terms of the head and one nothing before Messy at like 1415 there were lots of murmurings. He was being compared to Maradona That's pretty big pressure to live up so he and he ends up delivering that World Cup copper America He goes and delivers that took him a bit of a while to get it going as for an outlet like you said there their success came with him not on the pitch Why is that? Because he was off after 10 minutes with flies on his face. Did he not school the goals? Did he not school the goals in the semi-finals? No, he did. He scored key goals. He did the Eder. Eder is the one that we remember in Portuguese history, technically in that final. Who carried them through the group stages? They drew a lot of games, but who was getting them through that? Well, pro players. You used to do a Pat Pays and Ricotta Cavalios. They still had good players in the match. They didn't have players around them. Did Emira did it carry him in the final? He didn't carry the final. Who scored in a Copamerica final? But it's just, that's just about goals. You're not looking at the performances, the overall player there. Like Messi still has huge impacts in those tournaments. I'd say that 2022 World Cup in our lifetime is the best individual tournament. I think it's fair to say. Obviously made Mario Donor eclipse is it. But in terms of running out of turning up, he was just trying to steal goals at that tournament. Like he's kind of, I think he's been holding Portugal back to a degree in those years. At Real Madrid, obviously incredible. Like he said, in those finals, he turns up. I think there's one final between those two players. in the Champions League and Messi scored and they won. So I do think he had that knack for turning up in as far as, as well, still scored a multiple with Ronaldo. He has the Juventus final, sure. And I tell you not, again, Chelsea, he was brilliant as well. A lot of the other ones, Garth Bell, would be the Dimmerer. Or even Dimmerer himself in 2014 was actually carrying Dimmerer. You want to go into that territory? You want to go into that territory, we're gone. But 2014, you know what I mean? He's taken his top off to make it 4-1. It's a bit of a different thing. I think what you're saying, I think you're nitpicking certain things. But if you want to start with the wall cup itself, Because I felt like you're trying to undermine poor to good success for another. If you want to talk about the World Cup itself, you could say Messi had five pennies in his school. Controversial. Some of them have a few of them. Controversial, you could argue. Right? In the final itself, who do we talk about? We don't every time we think about that final whose name gets mentioned Yes, because it was messy, but I'm saying the fact that we a lot of people still tie that final to killing in Baptist performance Absolutely. I'm not saying I'm taking everything away from Messi. Of course, he's at the end of the day. He's the one that had the bishop on the left of the title for sure, but we talk about him back his performance that day. We even then talk about the Maria's performance, especially in our first half. I think Messi was still in that pitch. He was a big ring. I think it's rewriting to say it was penalty throughout the tournament. I remember that pass. He put through the legs of I think it was AK. Yeah, that's just like Colin. They couldn't even get near it. It's very long. Yeah, Gavardio is putting on ice skate. I was there, you know. I was actually crazy. I was there with my eyes. I saw. I know it was before. You say that and there's absolutely crazy because that is it's we've obviously witnessed the greatest we know that in terms of goals for like you said I never ran out of like top number of goalscored with pillows around maybe find some more down the back of the sofa but in terms of like it turns a perk per game messy it's higher like when it came to messy being an out-and-out goal scored 91 in the calendar year when he was playing a central role in terms of adaptability No, the adaptive policy. The night won't argue because that is, you know what it is? I caught messy fans of politicians. That's the biggest propaganda I've heard. Night won't go in the kind of the year. First of all, you're adding goals from two different seasons, right? It's a space of time. You're adding international friendlies. And if we talk about the year 2012, He spoke about Messi, Messi only one cup of Del Rey in 2012. Ronaldo in that same year, had a record break, record breaking campaign. But he was running. He's the second best goal. They're probably the most important goal of that season. At the new camp, that's where the karma celebration was created. I don't remember that, yeah. Romeroes, Romeroes. But to then, not give him, to then, but this is the thing, it's all, who missed the penalty, the Champions League semi-final that year. I'm going to come back to that. I'm going to talk about the walk-up itself. For me, yes, it's a great achievement and the only achievement Ronaldo has missing from his CV. Absolutely. I'm not going to dispute that. But there's always been great plays before Messi that's won it. And there's always going to be great plays when it after him. So that's never going to change. You've had online Zedans, Pele, Maradona's. You might have Luminium all this year when it. So there's always going to be great plays, right? But that's not for me to stand alone metric to determine who is the great player. You have to look at the audience. And when you spoke about that adaptability, like I said, that 91 came within playing central. We also saw Messi play on the right. Yeah. We've seen in terms of that, but I don't know if it's kind of the year though, because if you talk about that. No, that's fine. That's fine. But August and Enzinger, either way, he's won multiple Champions League playing in different positions the same way we're now. I have something that's thrown at him. Yeah. In terms of that, like performing in differently, sort of thing, I think Messi's two or three goals off round as record versus the top six. Messi's never even played in England. Yeah, but okay, but like he delivered he's delivered he can deliver against any to it doesn't him being in that league doesn't mean he's just constrained by that like Ronaldo went to his place and that's great. I'd say Juventus my local probably taught a test for it later, but they're in financial ruins because of the decision of bringing him in. Okay. They they managed to even in last year they weren't willing to leave you they went from winning every single year for pretty much a decade straight. Yeah, Ronaldo comes in they're going to financial ruin they haven't really won the league since. Yeah, but that's what we're talking about the success now of the team, right? So Juve, for example, I could then throw in the argument of PSG. He went to PSG. The whole aim was to win Champions League. He felt out that he wasn't even the best player there. At least with Ronaldo when he went to Juve, he was the best player in that team. He scored over a hundred goals for them. Every year, every campaign, he's the best player. Every year, Ronaldo goes, he is the best player. Every time they win a league title, he is the best player. I don't even know who's the best player. He's the best player. And I'm saying, Juve, and Chapa Leifer. But I'm saying even Champions League, when it comes to Champions League, there is no, and that's a fact there's no greater play statistically in performances. The guy broke the goal school in record in a season and then broke it again himself on his own. He hasn't, he hasn't incredible. No club has ever had the like, I do think the club has ever looked in terms of those finals. I'd say the Garraf Bell has determined Rauge's Champions League success more than Ronaldo in those finals. He scored a goal, a special, The winner, yeah, the winners in two different ones. When it comes to Ronaldo and those Real Madrid finals, like I said, 20, was it 20-70, the events as well? That one is brilliant. Not the hatching in the quarter final, not the hatching in the quarter final. No, he's, of course, he's impactful. When we say about like the finals, et cetera, I'd say that DiMaria and Bell have as much influence there. Whereas, like, Messi, you can single-handedly look at 2011-15. Full time. It's a lovely debate, guys. Well debated. Right, a quick half-time break to give everybody a breather, and it's time to talk about today's sponsor of the video, ExpressVPN. And honestly, it's perfect for debates like this, because when you are arguing Ronaldo versus Messi, lots of things are brought up. Moments, best goals, highlights, all of this googling is done at the same time. And unlike the Ronaldo versus Messi debates, there's no arguing about which VPN is the best. A maths where ExpressVPN comes in is a VPN that encrypts your internet traffic and re-root 100% of your network traffic through secure servers which lets you change your online location. So whether I'm researching old Champions League nights, the best defensive moments of all time, or watching football content that's geoblocks in the UK, I actually can access it properly. I use ExpressVPN all the time to watch football content online. I'm very lucky that I'm able to travel a lot, but it means when I am traveling, I need to be able to keep up to date with the Premier League, and ExpressVPN allows me to do just that. It also helps me keep my data and privacy secure, so it stops anybody from snooping on what I'm doing. The best part, it's insanely quick, super easy to use, and works on all your devices. So if you want a potential privacy and access even more football content online, then you can do that by scanning the QR code right now on screen or going into the description below and clicking the link that is expressvpn.com forward slash Zach Jellib where you'll also get an extra four months. Right, one Ronaldo fan versus 20 Messi fans. Let's get back to it. I believe that Christiana Ronaldo is the most well-rounded goal square ever. He believes Cristiano Ronaldo is the most well-rounded goal scorer ever. The time has started. Anybody want to come forward? Come on, come on. Come on. Hello. Hello, Luca. Before you say anything, I just want to preface this by saying, I prefer Ronaldo. I do think Messi is the better footballer, but I do prefer Ronaldo. But I think in this sense, he's superior to Messi. I'm not disagreeing in terms of all-rounder, but I feel like with Messi, the goals, that he scored can never what we haven't seen, like all like literally ever. And so the goal, in terms of the solo goals, the goals where it's zero back lift where he does three players around him. And I feel like not necessarily, like it doesn't need to even use his right foot at times, even his anticipation of the box like he's very instinctive in the box. I do agree with, if you say Ronaldo's all around, you can tell he's more acrobatic, but I feel like those goals we've seen before, like, even, I can even say Zlatan or Suarez, they're so unique in terms of how they score goals. They're very similar to Ronaldo, but I feel like with Messi, some of the goals that he has scored, we just haven't seen ever, like, even the goal against Bilbao. scientifically, even scientifically impossible. Of course. But I just feel like the goals at Messi score are like, it's one of one. Yeah, I'm not saying Ronaldo has any goals that's specifically better than that, exactly around the year. Yeah, but I think in just as a complete package, as a complete attacker, Ronaldo's got more aspects of the goal score inside a game compared to Messi. And I think it's also due to his physical stature compared to Messi's. Yeah. Messi's a lot more diminutive. Yeah. Messi's about to dribble. He's got low center of gravity. So he's able to do those ridiculous movements like the goal against Bill Bauer, the goal he scored in 2009. that Maradona S. Cole. Rose Cristiano is obviously a lot taller, so he's naturally better in the air. He's got a ridiculous leap on him. He's more ambipedal than Messi's got better. For me, his better Ronaldo's left foot is better than Messi's right foot. He's a great finisher inside the box, outside the box. So is Messi, I'm not saying Messi's not. I just think Ronaldo's a more complete goal scorer and he can score all types of goals in different ways. To make it more comparative than in terms of their physical profiles, I'll put forward this Latin. Okay, some of the goals, especially acrobatics, I feel like it's on par, just if not just as good as Ronaldo's finishing. I think it's Cato and some of the goals he's seen. I don't think it's a moral, I don't think it's a better finisher and a goal score than Ronaldo's last time. I think his catalogue could be considered better. Yeah, another thing with Eva. where I fool people might bring up people, but I have an issue with him in the sense that I think he's a phenomenal footballer, but everything, likewise Ronaldo has to run through him, but Ronaldo is a much bigger game player than Ibrahimovic, for example in the UCL. If you're taking that into perspective in terms of big games. The goals in big games, I understand that, yeah. No, because that factors into goalscoring as well. Ronaldo's got... Well, compared to Messi, for example, he's scored more match winning goals, more equalising goals as well. He's just big... Not Messi's not a big game player, of course, he's a huge player, but Ronaldo is also that. But in my opinion, he's got a wider range of finishers, if that makes sense. Yeah, that's not okay. Happy to walk, happy to walk, fair ahead. That's how we do it here, man. We're gentlemen's game here. We're gentlemen's game. Jacob, welcome mate. So I get your point, you know, he's physically superior in all that sense. You can do that. And I'm assuming you try to go with the idea that he's got a wider variety of finish in the box and stuff like that. Yeah, I'll go more tight. So I think the difference that we have there is messy scored a lot of the similar type of goals. He talked about the impossible goal. He scored very, very similar on all the times. And the reason he can do that is because he's so much more technically superior. He can create his own angles, not for me in terms of a goal scorer. One of the best traits you can have is being able to create separation and score from angles and create angles that no other player can. Ronaldo can't create the same angles as Messi. Therefore, Messi's potentially assuming you're watching it scores more similar goals because he can find a way to shift from that left foot, put it in the bottom corner. against anyone in the world where he's Ronaldo has to rely on, you know, maybe beating them to a header or hitting the ball early, straighting from distance. I don't think Messi has the ability, the best and the most important ability for me, which is creating separation anyway. 100% he's the best in that regard. You know, Messi, there's no denying that. But I think that's just one aspect of the goal squad. Ronaldo can still create chances out of nothing. And he's also, in my opinion, like the most ruthless in front of goal, like if you want a bolt to fall in the box, in a big game, you want Chris Turner and Aldo on the end of it. But I like what I'm saying is when you talk about that, I would argue I'd still rather messy in terms of his goal record. No, I'm not saying I would take Ronaldo if I'm saying that. No, no, no, no. I mean, in that sense though, even in the box, I would still prefer him. And I think when what I'm in by that is, yes, you might see Ronaldo in terms of scoring different type of goals, which that's what you're getting at. Yeah, it's more well-rounded, yeah. But I think that's more messy. You can score all the exact same goals as Ronaldo can. If we've seen it before in the Champions League Final scored that header, he can do things that Ronaldo can also do. But the reason that we maybe don't notice it as much and maybe Ronaldo's seen as this more a player who can maybe beat more. Jesus Christ. A player who can improvise more in the final third and score different goals is because he just doesn't have the same ability as Messi to create the same pattern. Again, Messi could literally put him against Van Dyke, let's say Messi at his best, could drop you short, I'd go on that bottom left corner, he could do it a Davidale by his best, he could do it to anyone, whereas I don't think Ronaldo can, which is why Ronaldo potentially comes across as more inventively finishing or having a wider skill set. I get what you're saying. I would say we've Ronaldo, right? He's shifted his game really from when he went to United to Real Madrid in 2013. He had that knee injury and he became more of a poacher. In his early days at United, especially like that 2008 campaign, no, he wasn't nowhere near as creative as Lionel Messi or he couldn't create a chance as well as Messi, I agree with that. But it's also, I think, quite disingenuous to disregard his ability when he was young to be able to create chances from nothing, to be able to go on solo runs and I'm not saying he's not, I'm not saying he's obviously Ronaldo. No, but he just shifted his game. And he did still do that at a start in his time at Madrid. And I think 11-12 Ronaldo is his best version. But I think he sort of shifted that mentality to just becoming out and out goal scorer. Therefore, we've seen two aspects of Ronaldo, the Pocho one. and the ridiculous transition footballer that we've seen. So what I'm saying is I think it's always talking about like aesthetics really of a player. Ronaldo comes across a portrait, even potentially even if he wasn't at times because he was in the box so often. He's gone a lot of goals, but there were a lot of different types of goals. The headers, the cutting on he's right for going across school, whatever. And I think, and what I'm saying is I think Messi could do, could do that as well. If Messi wanted to be that portrait number nine, he has everything to do that. He would be different. And he would be a different nine to Ronaldo. He would be dropping it deep. He wouldn't be But what I'm saying is I don't think that necessarily just because that's his type of style doesn't mean that Ronaldo is has a bit of a right to finish anything like that. It's because Messi is so good that he could put himself in the same situation over and over again and score the same goal over and over again, whereas Ronaldo had to be adaptive. And I know again, you said that he did change his role and he could do the wing stuff and all that, but that's obviously that's chance creation. But I think Messi, if he wanted to be that number nine, who was potent, I know he never would because it's Lionel Messi, he won him on the ball. But if he would, Messi would be just as good if not better than Ronaldo in that regard still. And I think he's still showing a wide variety of goals while still scoring the same goal every time with what he does. No, you made some fair points. I don't think that Messi in that post role would be as effective as Cristiano because Messi's such a unique player. He drops in deep. He can create chances from nothing like your highlight and earlier. So I think he would be where he would be wasted. You know, in the box, if ball drops in the box, not every time you want to strike at a little wash it first time, sometimes that composure, I bring it down, shift it, pass them on and score like Christiana can do that. No, they're both the two of the best footballers ever. Obviously, but what I'm saying, I think in terms of Chris separation, I'm not just talking about that creativity on the wing doing it and then crossing. I'm saying in the box as well. I don't remember. But I think Messi, what I'm saying, Messi has a different level of ability to get away from his man, then produce the shot. Then Ronaldo does, which to me translates to that type of approach. Well, now obviously it is hypothetical. Messi's never going to be that number nine. We're never going to be able to directly watch all their goals and go, Well, yeah, Ronaldo scored X amount more of different types scored six bodies or whatever. But I think for me, if Ronaldo was to be played in that, if Messi was to be played in that role, there would be no, you'd be sat there and go on, yeah, Messi's still at the great finish of all time as well. I think I just don't I didn't say he's the Ronaldo is the best finish. I think that's right. Yeah. Most well rounded because even when it comes to the goal to the game ratio messier superior. Yeah. But I think context is so important of that as well. And you have to be like, you can I could select the narrative and say, well, the time spent in La Liga do you understand is Ronaldo. Ronaldo had a better goal as a game racer in La Liga when they both played in the same period. But it's kind of pointless to argue with because you can just you can bend it to your own world. Well, I'll leave it up for someone. Happy days, happy days, I'm not too much time left. Anyone want to jump forward? Diggy. Jacob does your yellow cut, no worries. Should break my set at the same time. Well, first, I don't want to be 20. First time, great to be here, Zach. My argument's quite simple, Luca. I assume you'd accept that Lionel Messi is a better dribbler than Ronaldo. A better chance crater than Ronaldo, for sure. And yet, still managed to outscore Ronaldo in numerous seasons when they're in the same league together, playing for sides of similar standard. How would Messi not be a more complete, all-round finisher, as well as a better player? because I'm looking at the types of finishes, the types of goals that Ronaldo can score compared to Messi. That was my sort of initial comparison in terms of like the The amount of goals, of course, there were seasons where Messi outscored Ronaldo and vice versa. It worked both ways. In that stretch where they were both in La Liga, I believe that Messi played in a better team overall throughout those nine years. When Ronaldo came to Real Madrid, it had been a really sorry side for a long period. And I think that Ronaldo was a massive turning point. Alongside Merino coming to the club, when they eventually defroamed Barser in 2011-12. And those first years, Ronaldo's goal scoring abilities were ridiculous, despite the team that he played. And it was, for me, worse than the United team that he left. And Messi, yes, there were seasons where he scored more, but I also think that the players around him helped cater him more to score those goals. It was a perfect system for him. Whereas Ronaldo, in those early years at Madrid, I think he was the main man. They were playing a transition style of play, which was solely relying on sort of Urzil, create him when he came to the club. and Ronaldo getting on the end of it. Oh, time, lovely debate guys, well done. This video is sponsored by HelloFresh. Now I'm doing this part from home because to be quite honest, I've left it last minute, but it also sick perfectly to what we're talking about because this year in 2026, I'm trying to start out my mid-week routine. I was getting into a bad habit of eating late, snacking whilst I'm editing and to be honest, just not really spending any time properly thinking about my meals and what I'm putting into my body. And that's why I've been using Hello Fresh, where if you use my code ZachD50, you'll get 50% off your first box, 20% off your next four boxes and free treats for three months. It turns out pre-portioned is easy to cook and it actually feels like a proper meal. They've got more recipes than ever before and allow my cooking to go up to another level. And also brings in healthy and realistic meals that are actually going to want to make. I can plan my weekly dinners once a month as well by just going on to the app or website and tailor these meals to my actual needs when I'm going for more protein or a couple for when I need quick options. And there's complete flexibility. I'm able to pause, cancel or change my delivery days whenever I need to. So if you guys want to get involved, you need to scan the QR code on-screen right now. Head to the website in the link of my description. HelloFresh.co.uk forward slash ZachD50. Or use my code ZachD50 at the checkout to get that stuff. As I said, it's 50% off the first book, 20% off your next four boxes, and three treats the three months. Right, let's get back to the age of debate. Ronaldo or Messi? Messi and Ronaldo should have the same amount of ballendores. Messi and Ronaldo should have the same amount of ballendores. Okay, let's go. Messi and Ronaldo should have the same amount of ballendores. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. And 2023, it should have been early in Holland. I'm not going to debate the ballendores in terms of who was the best player that season. For me, the ballendore is an irrelevance that anyway. I don't know what the ballendore is. I just think it's a bunch of journalists and players voting for their favourite player. If you're going off of ability, Messi would have 10 ballendores because he has always been the best player in the world. Like, I don't see any attribute that Ronaldo's better apart from maybe his physical attributes, like his header in, he might be slightly quicker. And he's not even his ball striking, he's shot power. Everything else messy is better at. So I can't see a world where Ronaldo would will and ball and door if it just went off the best player in the world. I mean, that's your opinion and opinions are very like subjective. But I look at it and I think when you look at the ball and all, you have to take everything into account. You have to take all season into account and people will say, you know, Messi's a really good dribbler and they like really good dribblers. But, you know, Ronaldo is breaking Champions League records. Ronaldo is winning what four Champions Leagues in a row. Ronaldo, what he did with Portugal was insane because Portugal had no like real history and like football, they never won anything before Ronaldo. Like you have to look at it as a whole, not just like Messi's better at this and better at this and better at this, but okay, there's certain seasons where Ronaldo got a load more goals, where Ronaldo won a load more trophies, and that is a part of the ball and door. Was there not certain seasons that Messi had more goals, but Ronaldo won more trophies as well, so it kind of reverses that. Is that not true? Yeah, well, there's seasons where, you know, Ronaldo's had more goals than Messi, and Messi still won it. But it's a mixture of goals. It's a mixture of goals, trophies, influence. It's a mixture of everything. Like, I agree. Like, I don't really like the ball and door. There's so much favoritism in it. Like, let's be honest, Messi spent most of, you know, 2023. NMLS, but he wins the ball and lower over Harlan, that breaks a record that literally won the treble of Man City, and I hate Man City, but that really should have been Harlan, you know, 11 Doskey off the back of winning a treble breaks, a 50-year Bundesliga record. There is definitely messy Ronaldo biases in the ball and don't I agree on that. But if we're looking at each ball and don't, between like messy Ronaldo and the people that were there, I think it should be six each. Yeah, I can't go in depth into them sort of statistics. I can't name you the gold and assist for each of those seasons. I do, I will admit that Ronaldo has had a better year in certain years, but like I said, if I'm going off ability, I mean, I'm happy to stand up because my argument was that The ball and I shouldn't be a thing because it's a journalist voting for people who they like. I'll save that one for another day. I'm going to write that down. Well done, no Tom, smash that one. Okay, anybody else want to come up and to debate? Bras welcome to the table. Lovely shirt, I have to say. Really, really nice shirt. Yeah, very, very nice. Please, go ahead. I just want to get into the balance doors that you said. So the more just one, I'll give that to you. I think Ronaldo should have won that as well. But then you said the Levantowski one and the Harlem one. Yeah. I'm a city fan. Even myself, I think Harlan shouldn't have won it, because Messi is an individual award, right? Yeah. Messi had better stats than him. No, he didn't. He was three times less goals. No, he didn't, but it doesn't, as a, as a guy, he had more G8. He got 20 hours. I swear, he had more G8. Not just that though, but Man of the Matches Awards. He had, he had almost tripled the amount of, Man of the Matches in that year. You're just spent half the year in the Amalus. Yeah, but still it's not in the visual one. Like Messi's the first player, not an European top 5 lead to win the ballad or at the time. That just makes it even more crazy, though, because it was from the beginning of that thingy and then he moved into the MLS. People were voting for him off of motion. They weren't voting for him because he was the best player in that calendar year. They were voting for him because he's complete a football. It's the perfect fairy tale. He's won a seven game tournament in the World Cup. Look, he was incredible in the World Cup. Don't get me wrong. But what Erling Harlan did across 50, 60 plus games is much better than, you know, seven games. Like Messi was incredible in the World Cup, but you have to look at it as a whole. The World Cup was 11 months before the ballendor. Messi spent most of the following year in the MLS. At PSG, he was good, but Bappé was PSG's best player. You know, people, when you look at the journalists... I disagree, because Messi won the league. He won the league after losing it the first day. He won them the league with a free kick in the last minute. He literally won them the league. And also, people always say that his stats were bad. But that second year, he carried that team. He was the main man for PSG. He was fantastic, but I still think I'm back. It was better for him. And that also carries on from the World Cup as well, because that was in that year as well. Yeah. So the World Cup does carry on. It does count. But do you not think Erling Hall and coming in first season, the Premier League, the toughest league in the world, it's harder than the league and we all know that breaking a record and winning the treble and Manchester City's first ever Champions League. Do you not think that that If Messi had gone to Manchester City, broke a record and won the treble, but did nothing in the World Cup, we all know Messi still would have won the ballendor because he's a Lionel Messi. People vote off a little bit of their favouritism. You look at the journalists that vote in the ballendor as well. 100% I think Messi is more aesthetically pleasing. I don't think we need to debate that. But there is biases because if you look at the journalists that vote in the ballendor, A lot of them don't watch the Premier League or LaLiga. They are watching their own leagues and then they'll watch the World Cup because it's the most watched thing. They'll watch the big games, the Champions League finals. They don't actually watch a lot of football, like the people that bow in the ballendor. We all know some of them are a bit for joke. So they'll read Messi's complete footballies on the World Cup. So that's why the World Cup, seven games, has more influence than what Harlan did in 50 plus games, City winning the treble. But what I'm saying is the ball and door is for the best player in the world and I watched Harlan every single minute every single second that season And yes, he had an incredible season won everything but that's team trophies. It wasn't him He didn't even score in one finals and it hurts me to say that as I see if I'm well He didn't he didn't show up for us Of course he he showed up in the big games leading to that Yeah, but messy scored in more finals had more man-of-the-matches more GA It's not comparable. It wasn't comparable. The World Cup's a big big tournament And when the narrative I guess of the tournament of, you know, Argentina, him having not won it for them, being compared to Maradona, do you think that also kind of goes basically in his favour for that? I think, yeah, like the whole, it was a motion. I think people voted for the ballad or for motion because it happened nearly a year before the ballad or it was last season, he spent half the year in MLS. people like he's complete football, what he's done was amazing. It was based off the whole emotion of Messi gets his fairytale ending. Messi is thrown about as like the golden boy, which renouder was seen as more like egotistical and that does influence voting and that does influence people's perception. And I just think if you spent half the year in the MLS, I don't think I can take you as serious for winning a ballad or as someone that broke the Premier League record, the hardest league in the world. so much harder than League Un. I mean, I'm a Man United fan. I wouldn't want to be back in Harlem, so be honest here. I think the treble is not. So I was fuming. I was seeping with the city on the treble. And there's no doubt in my mind that yet, Harlem didn't do a lot in the finals, but he did a lot to get city, you know, throughout the whole league season. Those goals were key. He did a lot to get city to the final. You can't just look up a few one off games. Well, finals are important. You have to look at it as a whole. And if we're looking across 50, 60 games, Harlem had a better season. Did Ronaldo win the Ballon d'Or after you won the Eros? Yes, he did. He did, OK. Just in chance in the international. I mean, so do you feel happy? I'm happy. You can have back good debate. Not too much longer left on the time if anybody wants to. Oh, I wonder. What's he useful? First of all, I agree. Echo, the sentiment that I don't particularly care for the Ballon d'Or. And I also agree that it is a lot of sentimentality and favoritism that I also think that if you ask, most football is what the biggest prize in the world is. I'm not going to, I don't know the specificities, I'm going to talk specifically about the Harlan one. I think the vast majority would say it's the well at cup for a player to then go. Remember Argentina four years before they won that well at cup. they almost in qualify. So for that team to then go, go on a run that almost was the longest undefeated run. And they're messy in his late 80s. I think the fact that he played in MLS probably accentuates the fact that he did so well with the World Cup, dominated, played like Vardio on the right, young player, taught it to be the best left back in the world at that age. He was full on the World Cup, but yeah, my point is that we've seen so many times that there is a president for the ball and all being decided on a seven gay tournament. Should it be like that? I would say no, but it is like that. That's how it was. Even when he's still got it, and I think that was pretty. The fact is he degraded the World Cup, he done great with Madrid, and people saw his World Cup and gave him the ball. No, that's just how it's always been. So I don't think it's the fact that all Messi won it because his name is Messi. I think that's just how these awards are judged. You prioritize what's the most important. If Messi had won the treble of Man City in broker record, but didn't play in the World Cup, and Eiling Harlan had a pretty decent season for club. Messi would have won the World Cup. Messi still would have won the World Cup. Because he's a better player, you would have won the World Cup. If you completely swap their seasons over, and for some reason Messi was very like Harlan. If Messi was 6'5 and moved like Harlan, he wouldn't have won. No, I still think he would have won that round. I don't. Just because Messi wouldn't be Messi if he moved like Harlan, right? Like it would be a completely different plan. People wouldn't resonate within the same way because he just wouldn't play that football. Messi isn't Messi because his name is Messi. He's Messi because he plays a certain football. Yeah, but he's been like he plays certain football so he's got that name. No, because he's got that name, because he's such a good football player. Yeah, he's an unbelievable player. But his name's carried him the last couple of bannandos. It's not his name, it's his game that's carried him. His game is unbelievable, but his name pulled him through in his last two bannandos, because Lewandowski should have won, Harlan should have won. I don't think Harlan should have won, because of what Messi did that year, and people appreciate what he did, because people can tell he's clearly a better football player than Harlan. A motion of seven games, rather than four seasons. That is full-time. World-a-based. That was tough. That was tough. That was tough. That was tough. That was tough. Done. We are starting. Go, go, go, Jacob. Yes. It's very good. Over there. I want to ask, I want to ask first, oh yeah, nice to meet you. I want to ask first is, why would they? So my argument here is based on kind of overall goat debates within other sports as well. But if we're just strictly talking football, I do think popularity wise, Ronaldo is probably more popular than the two. You could probably go to, you know, Flavella's in the Dungeons of South America. You know, with the people that are important in football, the actual people that are important in terms of me. I'm just saying in general. Yeah, but I think when we're talking about memories, we are going to see people constantly reference, oh, it's like we're seeing Messier again, type of thing with Lameen Yamal, which you're always keeping relevant. I think with Ronaldo, the go-to, when you're talking about a goal-score and striker, which is what I probably say most people remember Ronaldo as, or maybe for that left-wing stint sort of thing, but you don't, he's not the person that you go to if you're naming a striker, like it's reminiscent of such and such, whereas with a techie dribbler, someone who gets on the ball, beats a few men, he cares at the corner. That is what people refer to as messy. That's very fair, but my counter-argument to that would be, if there would be another messy, because I believe that can be another messy, because I think messy is... You're not going to see it because you're different. I think messy is another maradona. I genuinely, being honest with you, do you think there would be another Ronaldo? It's for everything that Ronaldo has achieved in his career. Don't just think about the top on my own right now, think about his entire career. But you mean that is in terms of what... Entire grit. Do you think you'll ever see another player? start 20, 22 years ago, start as a winger, be the best winger in the world, win a league in Manchester United, win the ball and all for Manchester United, win the Champions E for Manchester United, be the best player in the world in England, go to Spain. He has been away from left-wing striker late in terms of tier-on-re, and he's got a legacy as well. No, no, I'm not saying, but I'm saying, like, you're never going to get anyone of the level of lane on Messi. Are you saying there's going to be someone that's going to be the level of Lionel Messi? I think there's already been someone who's been on the level as Lionel Messi in Maradona. I think that's why Messi over time, if there's more replicas of Messi, eventually over time. I'm not saying that what happened in 10, 15, 20, 50 years. I think in terms of long, long time, what Ronaldo is going to go down for is the goal scoring, because you've got to think it's not going to be like, if you're thinking about 100 years, 50 years, whatever, it's not going to be Ronaldo's whole career. I am that guy who But nobody will let me touch his goals. What I'm saying is, that's what he'll be remembered for is a goal scorer, right? There is going to be hundreds, thousands of goal scorers who are at the other light people like Erlin Harland, which are in terms of if you want to talk about his best attribute, which is his goal scoring, which is not as good as Messi out, but that is his best attribute. There is still people that are already just as good. It's not better at scoring goals than Ronaldo. I know what you're saying in terms of what that's what Ronaldo will most be remembered for, but I also think people who really, really know football and get football, like you said, with the whole messy debate. Ronaldo will not just be remembered for his goal scorer. He'll be remembered as the guy who scored a thousand goals, despite starting as a past person across first winger. He'll be remembered as the guy who dominated England and dominated England. But Messi, someone who was known for being this creative player, who then went on to score more goals per 90 then, as you're saying, the greatest goal scorer of all time, the goal is still scored less goals than Messi per 90 in the game. It's not Messi's fault that he played less games than Ronaldo. We're also talking about the creative creative player of all time, the magician, someone who could play passes that no one else can see. He is in terms of creativity. No, no one will ever be able to replicate the volume of creative passes. In terms of global popularity as well. Okay. What you said, I'm not. I'm not talking. What you just said, very valid. That's why I think Messi will be remembered for as long as, you know, but I think we're now to be remembered. More fond more fondly in the future definitely because more people will remember now because of the popularity reason like I've already said I don't think there is a more popular human being than Cristiano Ronaldo on the on the planet on the planet who do you think is more popular than that line? That's what gets you remembered so in basketball in basketball for instance Lebron James is the best basketball player ever by far the best basketball player Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player at all. I get that, but I also think people will never forget what he did for the game. I get that, but I also think people in terms of in the sport, the people that are on TV, the people at the pundits, they are always going to come back to it. If you watch anything, you look at the grades of the game, always saying messy is the greatest. That will never fade. People like Pep who will never fade in terms of saying that will constantly bring it up messy. He's got questions even years after leaving Barcelona, not playing with messy again. You know, I think he's that question where he said he'd play messy in every single position if he could. Like, I think in terms of, I get what you mean in terms of maybe the local fans, someone who's not an avid football watch, I'll be like, Oh yeah, Cristiano Ronaldo might remember him over. That is my name. That is my name. But I think Messi will always remain relevant just as long as Ronaldo will, because he will constantly become, people will constantly talk about Izzy as good as the greatest player of all time. If we have someone in 25 years who comes through, let's say even the Minimale in 10 years, if he goes on a winner-world cup, if he goes on to match some of the statistics that Messi and Ronaldo have put out in terms of trophies or goals per game or whatever, it will still come back to Izzy as good as Lionel Messi. Was he as good as them too? Even if they grouped together, I think for me, them two are going to stay relevant together forever. I think Messi's ability carries him through that and Ronaldo's theme carries him through that. I'm going to send you off, my friend. However, well debated, really well debated. Number one, if you raise jump up, please do. Sorry. Yes, mate. Good to see you. Good to see you, man. Good to see you. You think Messi's a better player, right? I would say so. You're a new dude as well, right? I love that. So every single one of us here thinks Messi's a better player. And when we have kids, if we have kids, all of us are going to tell our kids, Messi was the best ever player. And their kids are going to pass on the same message. And when we talk about the best teams that we ever saw, we're probably all going to talk about that bastard team, not That rail Madrid team. So the message that's going to get passed on for a hundred years is going to be messy was him like the best. My point is, I don't think there's enough, and I think it's been well blown out of proportion in the later stages of their career, because Messi has been better in the later stages of both their careers. I think it's been miles blown out of proportion. Everyone's forgotten out about the past, the difference between Messi and Ronaldo. I've heard people saying, well, Ronaldo is closer to Nema than he is to Messi. No, he's not. That is completely false. So in terms of both players, Being remembered I think everybody I will probably tell my kids run out of the best player I've ever seen the same way. You just told me message. I will probably on the other point when we said there could be another video there could be another mess with the minimal and I genuinely don't think you'll ever see a guy play for twenty twenty five years. Score the most goals of his right, score the most goals of his left. Have the most assists in a lot of the competitions where Messi scored the best playmaker ever. Do the things he's done for poor school, which in my opinion outweighs the things that Messi has done for Argentina, tenfold. Goal scoring, I think, could happen. You look at Erling Harland. He won't do it, but it is very possible that a player comes along, he plays for the best team for a long, long time, and will outscore Cristiano Ronaldo. If all you can remember, Ronaldo 4 is just volume of goals. I think that's more likely to be beaten than what Messi actually means to football as a whole. So when you say Messi means football, here's my thing. In your opinion, do you think there could potentially be another lean or Messi? No. And do you think there could potentially be another Christian or another? I think there could be someone that scores a huge amount of goals. But that's not all in order. It's not all in order. That's not all these. Lots of people are more attracted to and therefore go out to bat for the nail. But in terms of all of us passing on the message, who was the best player of all time? Let me just before you go. I'll just talk about the Ronaldo point. Tiny bit more. People talk about Ronaldo and he's like, oh yeah, it's just this guy that scores all these goals. As I've already said, he started on the wing. Best, some of the best skill moves we've ever seen. Everybody in the school playgrounds was literally doing this with their hair trying to get him to work. I had them make sure he was on. Everyone was doing the Ronaldo run. He was the guy that the entire world looked at. Then he went to Spain to the exact same thing. That's a lot of my argument. Is he's popular? That's why I think he will be remembered a lot more in a hundred years. Whereas if somebody can replicate what Messi's done, which is my argument, I think they can't. I don't think anyone can replicate what Ronaldo's done. in terms of starting on the wing then going up front and scoring a thousand goals, dragging your country from qualifying for three World Cup in their entire history to winning a Euro as winning a nation's league, never missing a World Cup. Being your all-time top goal scorer for Champions League, your nation, Real Madrid, all these big institutions, whereas in Messi's case, I'm just the... In a hundred years, more quickly. I think the whole, you know. But in a hundred years, I think kids aren't doing Ronaldo's hair now. I think Messi is, I think Messi is going to be known as the best player in the best team of all time, which is because he had the best teammates. Remember Ronaldo's hair in no way. It's not just his face. Remember the kids on the background back in no way. That was it. I just, I don't think that'll be memorable. I do think, I think my whole point is you can replicate Messi. I don't think you can ever replicate Ronaldo. Okay. I mean, I do just strongly disagree that you can replicate Messi. I think that's the crazy thing. I would also agree with that. In 10 years time on a Sajal Abduk, we'll see him in your mile replicating Messi and I'll tell him. And you'll be here. Trust the script. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. I'll be here in this game. Now, I don't have a gigantic amount to say, but you've been talking a lot about replicating people, and I think that Cristiano Ronaldo, we talk about the longevity of his career, and probably the biggest thing behind that is the work and the drive that he's put into it, like maintaining that level of like health and still being a massive athlete at what 40 years old now? If not close to 30, 39, but it's something like that. I think that with the amount of talent, like on the ball, that's the raw, like, you could just do anything, absolutely anything with that ball. It could do more than Ronaldo could. I think we can all agree. And that is something that just, that just happened in their plans. I don't think that's German true, but I think that that just, that, that will just happen. I don't, I hear you. I don't think that's German true in their browser. In a billion, I don't see another messy in our lifetime. If you go, okay, this is a random example and it's a bit of an unfair example because obviously it's only gonna apply to me. I saw someone in a Ronaldo top. I asked him, do you know Messi is? I'll be I'm being I swear on my life. You don't know Messi. I don't use some random. Oh, time whether that's sorry is true. I swear I swear on my life. There we have it guys. Thank you so much for watching. We've had a few Ronaldo fans take on 20 bath on our fans and Lino Messi fans really and on to the fans. But guys, thank you so much for coming down. Everybody channel below will be linked there as well. Everybody that's representing Ronaldo as well will also be linked down there below. Guys, thank you so much for today. Honestly, I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it. There we have it. Subscribe, like and we'll see you very soon.
B: Bye.